1-0-5 release notes (#452)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Added pack release notes generation and validation.
* Improved pack metadata validation.

> * Fixed a bug in **validate** where renamed files caused an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in **validate** where renamed files caused an error.
```
